it wasn't until I had my first bond me
that I realized the potential of the
same same with me I've always hated
always it in Sam Mike's been to Vietnam
I never have but even just the American
versions I've always eaten sandwiches oh
I didn't even get it in Vietnam I didn't
even know it existed when I went to
Vietnam
one night when I first had that thing on
American soil it's like why do other
sandwiches exist I know it's just so
it's so well-balanced it's spicy its
juicy its crispy healthy it's got salty
vinegary it's get everything in the
sandwich you could ever want it's a
perfect bite you liver because the
Asians mixed with the French now Mike
you're probably wondering why I have a
grater out here and why I have chicken
miss frozen I was out not too long ago
Mike and I were at Costco on a job and
they're passing that passing out these
chicken meatballs and I tried one and it
was actually amazing I was like this is
Costco chicken meatball is actually
really good I was shocked that I saw the
potential in the chicken meatball went
home that day it was good really what
all that yeah I was like I saw the
potential how they come on so what
happened was I realized how incredible
this could be so start making chicken
meatball but I have a lot of trouble
finding not only good chicken that's
ground up but just ground up chicken at
all you always see the ground turkey
where the chicken meatball has become my
favorite meatball above the burger poor
granules meow it's hard to get the
really good ground chicken it gives the
chicken thigh you need to get it from
the butcher but apparently this guy's
got some technique so I haven't quite
figured yeah I've been trying everything
you can throw it in a food processor and
you can blend you can freeze it a little
bit or just do it raw blend it up with
the herbs and spices and make great
ground chicken that works for it I've
done that but what if you don't have
food busted I've been trying everything
I can have been cutting up the chicken
team I've been pounding the gonna get
elated fetus popped out of Josh's I
thank you I've been pounding the chicken
I've been doing a lot lot lot of
different things to make this work and I
just had a theory last night I was kind
of frustrated like aunt figure it out
I'm just going to do the pounding I just
cereals like what if I froze the chicken
and then great
I don't know if it's not work it tested
if it doesn't work we're just gonna have
to do something else but I'm thinking
just like cheese you know if you want to
be frozen you just give it a great oh my
god it's working okay
it is working folks I think I am a
genius so it may take a little bit
effort but we're essentially making our
own ground chicken by grating it thing
is I went online I was like are there
any ways to make ground meat without a
meat grinder and without a blender and
no one had any answer so what do you
what am I gonna do
am I gonna sit back and just accept
defeat no would I ever accept defeat no
oh my lord it works only took us three
guys okay no I mean it didn't take that
long but we actually I've rented this
chicken ground chicken we have a ground
chicken all right so I've got the
chicken mixture I'm like I need some
garlic if you want to cut some garlic up
for me smash you smash so this is where
you season your chicken and let's say
you already had ground chicken you could
avoid that whole last step and you can
start the video right here and then
you'd be good to go you wouldn't be
freezing your hands off but I really
wanted to try it I actually feel really
accomplished everyone's got their own
passions in life josh is grating chicken
take some ginger a little knob of it
take a few cloves of garlic I want some
more garlic than that my brother Wow
well I want a lot of garlic speed say
wow they make it real fine cuz you don't
want to necessarily be gnawing on ginger
maybe you do I don't know maybe that's
your thing and cilantro of course you
can eat most of the stem so don't be
afraid just have the leaves
traditionally when it comes to bond me
even though there are a lot of different
feelings there's sort of the main
and usually pork and they usually have
pate which is like liver and there's a
little bit of pate in there and there's
some kind of you know barbecue poor
there's like three type yeah because the
pork so this is sort of a little bit
more of an American version of it add
some salt you can have a little pepper
in there if you want we got a lot of
garlic and ginger which is it gonna take
a little bit away you could add some
fish sauce at this point if you want
fish sauce would be great classic
Vietnamese ingredient very intense but
if you use it correctly Oh like gonna
get that pan going now that's it that is
all we are going to be making got my
meat mixture if you want you can just
put a little piece in there and test it
out
how they go I'm gonna make these little
like medium sized meatballs I want them
to be to cook in the pan without going
into the oven but drop them down there
you lay your balls down on here and just
let them sit on one side until when you
pick them up they start to look nice and
brown and then at that point once that's
happening then you can start to just
flip them on the other side oh my
goodness gracious
and if you do these meatballs right
they're not exactly round so you can
actually flip them on like you don't
just cook them on one side on the other
side come on every if I come on all the
time outside Oh get them as crispy as
you humanly can oh yeah right turns down
chicken meatballs I'm telling you if
you're not a believer you'll be a
believer there's something about the
juiciness and the flavor and just just
note I did use chicken thigh chicken
breasts would not work very well I mean
you could try it but chicken thigh is
meaty its fatty and it's cheaper it's
cheaper and it is better
add a little bit of vinegar we're using
rice vinegar it's nice and sweet and a
little bit of soy shizune oh yeah and
interesting and then a little bit of
extra salt the soy is salty but we're
going to add a little bit of extra salt
because this is pickles
so what josh is doing here is he's just
shaving off the carrot and this is a
great technique for instant pickles
because it's going to absorb the flavor
and it's going to pickle immediately
we're going to scrunch it into the sauce
and you don't need to have it sit in
your fridge or even outside for days and
then take some cucumber which is a real
gamechanger
you got to get in there and scrunch
sometimes what they'll do with the quick
pickle is they'll shave them first and
then toss them in salt and sugar and if
you toss them in salt and sugar they'll
actually draw all the moisture and then
you rinse it off and then throw it in
there if you have the time but we want
to eat our bun meat now yeah so look
what we're doing here we're just
scrunching it we're activating the
pickle process and I'm telling you
instant pickles great / sounds quickl
look what we did here look at that
quickl below their bow
see that instant pickles let's give this
a taste mm-hmm giggle ooh our final
experience is near we made the meatballs
we have the workings for the most
perfect sandwich ever created I toasted
this bun if you can get a French
baguette that's the best but any good
bun all right seeing this
this is the one thing I felt like was
missing and I was like there's something
missing about this sandwich you'd be
shocked but just raw cucumber if it's
not in there it does not taste the same
you can leave anything out you can add
anything you want but I'm just telling
you the best way I think Wow veggies
pickled pickled and then fresh cilantro
is very important you'll find that on
every single bond me you are lordy Lordy
Wow won't you buy these bins we made a
video before it was sweet chili and
zesty mayo pretty much made it just for
the sandwich because it's the perfect
combination oh lordy you're gonna have
to like shove this in there to get it
all in the sandwich if you really want
to get crazy I saw one time someone even
topped with a fried egg Michael this is
the moment that the world has been
waiting for the world being my stomach
in my mouth the first time I set out to
make this thing I decided I want to make
the entire thing
bread included the bread takes a while
takes hours to make the bread I was
making the bread and midway through I
grabbed something that was 400 degrees
450 degrees around my hand by accident
probably little high burnt my hands so
bad I blacked out I blacked out for a
second woke up I could not keep my hand
out of ice water from weather two
minutes seconds without it like burning
horribly I was in horrible pain I
remember that didn't care
cook the entire meal that was left made
all the feelings and everything with one
hand so much pain couldn't play guitar
can do anything the second I took my
first bite it was all worth it try this
at home if you need to first do some
research and development go out and get
a bond me it will blow your mind music
to my ears